README.md, before:

### **Oracle Database Setup Guide using Docker**

This guide provides a simple way to run an Oracle database in a Docker container.

---

### **Step 1: Install Docker**

- **macOS:** Download and install **Docker Desktop** from [docker.com](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).
- **Linux (Ubuntu):** Follow the official installation guide for Ubuntu: [docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/)

---

### **Step 2: (Optional) Install SQLPlus Locally**

This makes connecting to the database easier from your terminal.

- **macOS:**
  ```bash
  brew tap InstantClientTap/instantclient
  brew install instantclient-basic instantclient-sqlplus
  ```
- **Linux (Ubuntu):**
  Search online for "install sqlplus on Ubuntu" for up-to-date instructions.

---

### **Step 3: Project Setup**

1.  Create a directory for the project and navigate into it:
    ```bash
    mkdir -p ~/Dev/oracle
    cd ~/Dev/oracle
    ```
2.  Create a file named `compose.yml` in this directory with the following content:

    ```yaml
    services:
      oracle-db:
        # For Apple Silicon Macs OR modern systems, use the 21 version
        image: gvenzl/oracle-xe:21

        # For 64-bit Linux (x64), you can also use the 11 version if needed
        # image: gvenzl/oracle-xe:11

        container_name: oracle
        ports:
          - "1521:1521"
        environment:
          - ORACLE_PASSWORD=oracle
        volumes:
          # Mounts this folder into the container for file sharing
          - ./sql_scripts:/workspace
    ```

---

### **Step 4: Start the Database**

Run this command in the same directory as your `compose.yml` file:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

> **Note:** The first time you run this, it will download the Docker image, which may take a few minutes.

---

### **Step 5: Connect to the Database**

**Option A: If you installed SQLPlus (Step 2)**

```bash
sqlplus system/oracle@localhost:1521
```

**Option B: Connect from inside the container (always works)**

```bash
docker exec -it oracle bash
sqlplus system/oracle
```

Commit message:

Revise oracle-db service configuration in README
Updated the docker-compose configuration for oracle-db service to clarify image selection based on architecture and added comments for better understanding.

README.md, after:

### **Oracle Database Setup Guide using Docker**

This guide provides a simple way to run an Oracle database in a Docker container.

---

### **Step 1: Install Docker**

- **macOS:** Download and install **Docker Desktop** from [docker.com](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).
- **Linux (Ubuntu):** Follow the official installation guide for Ubuntu: [docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/)

---

### **Step 2: (Optional) Install SQLPlus Locally**

This makes connecting to the database easier from your terminal.

- **macOS:**
  ```bash
  brew tap InstantClientTap/instantclient
  brew install instantclient-basic instantclient-sqlplus
  ```
- **Linux (Ubuntu):**
  Search online for "install sqlplus on Ubuntu" for up-to-date instructions.

---

### **Step 3: Project Setup**

1.  Create a directory for the project and navigate into it:
    ```bash
    mkdir -p ~/Dev/oracle
    cd ~/Dev/oracle
    ```
2.  Create a file named `compose.yml` in this directory with the following content:

```yaml
services:
  oracle-db:
    # image: gvenzl/oracle-xe:11 # you can optionally choose the 11 version on linux but it is only compatible with arch x64 architecture so its not compatible with apple silicon macos. instead use the 21 version on mac os
    image: gvenzl/oracle-xe:21 # if on a macos you MUST choose this image instead when the other does not work
    container_name: oracle
    ports:
      - "1521:1521"
    environment:
      - ORACLE_PASSWORD=oracle
    volumes:
      # This volume mounts your local SQL directory into the container
      - ~/Dev/oracle:/workspace
```

---

### **Step 4: Start the Database**

Run this command in the same directory as your `compose.yml` file:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

> **Note:** The first time you run this, it will download the Docker image, which may take a few minutes.

---

### **Step 5: Connect to the Database**

**Option A: If you installed SQLPlus (Step 2)**

```bash
sqlplus system/oracle@localhost:1521
```

**Option B: Connect from inside the container (always works)**

```bash
docker exec -it oracle bash
sqlplus system/oracle
```
